docs: improve errorpages examples to avoid confusion (#10209)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/middlewares/http/errorpages.md

The `status` option defines which status or range of statuses should result in an error page.

The status code ranges are inclusive (`505-599` will trigger with every code between `505` and `599`, `505` and `599` included).

!!! note ""

    You can define either a status code as a number (`500`),
    as multiple comma-separated numbers (`500,502`),

>     as ranges by separating two codes with a dash (`500-599`),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    as ranges by separating two codes with a dash (`505-599`),
```

>     or a combination of the two (`404,418,500-599`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    or a combination of the two (`404,418,505-599`).
```

The `status` option defines which status or range of statuses should result in an error page.

The status code ranges are inclusive (`505-599` will trigger with every code between `505` and `599`, `505` and `599` included).

!!! note ""

    You can define either a status code as a number (`500`),
    as multiple comma-separated numbers (`500,502`),
    as ranges by separating two codes with a dash (`500-599`),
    or a combination of the two (`404,418,500-599`).

>     The comma-separated syntax is not available for 
>     every provider. The examples above demonstrate which syntax
>     is appropriate for each provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The comma-separated syntax is only available for label-based providers.
    The examples above demonstrate which syntax is appropriate for each provider.
```
